---        
layout: post    
title: "Jubilee"    
permalink: /jubilee/  
categories: 
    - 10K Covers
published: true  
---  
  
(by 10,000 Maniacs)

`Cm E♭ B♭ A♭`  
He fills the flower vases, trims the candle bases,  
Takes small change from the poor box.  
Tyler has the key.  
  
He takes nail and hammer to tack up the banner  
Of felt scraps glued together reading,  
"Jesus Lives In Me."  
  
Alone in the night he mocks the words of the preacher:  
"God is feeling your every pain."  
  
Repair the Christmas stable, restore the plaster angel.  
Her lips begin to crumble  
and her robes begin to peel.  
  
For Bible study in the church basement, hear   
Children Gospel citing,   
Matthew 17:15.  
  
Alone in the night he mocks the arms of the preacher  
Raised to the ceiling,  
"Tell God your pain."  
  
To him the world's defiled. In Lot  
He sees a likeness there;  
He swears this Sodom will burn down.  
  
Near Sacred Blood there's a dance hall where Tyler Glen saw  
A black girl and a white boy  
Kissing shamelessly.  
  
Black hands on white shoulders, white hands on black shoulders,  
Dancing, and you know what's more.  
  
He's God's mad disciple, a righteous title, for   
The Word he heard  
He so misunderstood.  
  
Though simple minded, a crippled man,   
To know this man is to fear this man,  
To shake when he comes.  
  
Wasn't it God that let Puritans in Salem do what they did  
To the unfaithful?  
  
Boys at the Jubilee slowly sink into  
Brown bag whiskey drinking   
And reeling on their feet.  
  
Girls at the Jubilee in low-cut dresses  
Yield to rough caresses  
And the man-handling.  
  
Black hands on white shoulders, white hands on black shoulders,  
Dancing, and you know what's more.  
  
Through the tall blades of grass he heads for the Jubilee  
With a bucket in his right hand full of rags soaked in gasoline.  
He lifts the shingles in the dark and slips the rags there underneath.  
He strikes a matchstick on the box side and watches the rags ignite.  
He climbs the bell tower of the Sacred Blood to watch the flames  
Rising higher toward the trees.  
Sirens wailing now toward the scene.